Positive	csv source	Wow... Loved this place.
Negative	csv source	Crust is not good.
Negative	csv source	Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.
Positive	csv source	Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.
Positive	csv source	The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.
Negative	csv source	Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.
Negative	csv source	Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)
Negative	csv source	The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.
Positive	csv source	The fries were great too.
Positive	csv source	A great touch.
Positive	csv source	Service was very prompt.
Negative	csv source	Would not go back.
Negative	csv source	The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.
Positive	csv source	I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken, with cranberry...mmmm!
Negative	csv source	I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.
Negative	csv source	I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.
Positive	csv source	Highly recommended.
Negative	csv source	Waitress was a little slow in service.
Negative	csv source	This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.
Negative	csv source	did not like at all.
Negative	csv source	The Burrittos Blah!
Positive	csv source	The food, amazing.
Positive	csv source	Service is also cute.
Positive	csv source	I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.
Positive	csv source	So they performed.
Positive	csv source	That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.
Negative	csv source	They never brought a salad we asked for.
Positive	csv source	This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.
Negative	csv source	Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.
Negative	csv source	The worst was the salmon sashimi.
Positive	csv source	Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.
Negative	csv source	This was like the final blow!
Positive	csv source	I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.
Negative	csv source	seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
Positive	csv source	Overall, I like this place a lot.
Positive	csv source	The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.
Positive	csv source	Ample portions and good prices.
Negative	csv source	Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.
Positive	csv source	My first visit to Hiro was a delight!
Negative	csv source	Service sucks.
Positive	csv source	The shrimp tender and moist.
Negative	csv source	There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.
Negative	csv source	Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.
Positive	csv source	On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.
Negative	csv source	Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.
Positive	csv source	The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.
Negative	csv source	It's too bad the food is so damn generic.
Positive	csv source	The burger is good beef, cooked just right.
Positive	csv source	If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!
Positive	csv source	My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.
Positive	csv source	We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.
Positive	csv source	He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.
Positive	csv source	Their chow mein is so good!
Negative	csv source	They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.
Positive	csv source	The portion was huge!
Positive	csv source	Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.
Negative	csv source	The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.
Negative	csv source	Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.
Positive	csv source	The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.
Negative	csv source	The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.
Negative	csv source	At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.
Positive	csv source	This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!
Positive	csv source	The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.
Positive	csv source	We'd definitely go back here again.
Positive	csv source	We are so glad we found this place.
Positive	csv source	Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.
Positive	csv source	Always a great time at Dos Gringos!
Positive	csv source	Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing
Negative	csv source	We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.
Positive	csv source	A great way to finish a great.
Positive	csv source	The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.
Positive	csv source	#NAME?
Negative	csv source	The service was meh.
Negative	csv source	It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.
Negative	csv source	I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.
Negative	csv source	The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.
Negative	csv source	2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !
Positive	csv source	The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.
Positive	csv source	Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.
Negative	csv source	There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.
Negative	csv source	Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.
Negative	csv source	walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.
Negative	csv source	The turkey and roast beef were bland.
Positive	csv source	This place has it!
Negative	csv source	The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.
Positive	csv source	I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.
Negative	csv source	The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.
Positive	csv source	All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!
Positive	csv source	Omelets are to die for!
Positive	csv source	Everything was fresh and delicious!
Negative	csv source	In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.
Positive	csv source	It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.
Negative	csv source	Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!
Positive	csv source	Best breakfast buffet!!!
Negative	csv source	say bye bye to your tip lady!
Negative	csv source	We'll never go again.
Positive	csv source	Will be back again!
Positive	csv source	Food arrived quickly!
Negative	csv source	It was not good.
Positive	csv source	On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.
Positive	csv source	Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!
Positive	csv source	The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.
Positive	csv source	Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.
Positive	csv source	I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.
Positive	csv source	This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.
Positive	csv source	So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!
Positive	csv source	The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!
Positive	csv source	The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.
Positive	csv source	Will go back next trip out.
Positive	csv source	Sooooo good!!
Negative	csv source	REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.
Negative	csv source	At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.
Positive	csv source	This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
Positive	csv source	Nice, spicy and tender.
Positive	csv source	Good prices.
Positive	csv source	Check it out.
Negative	csv source	It was pretty gross!
Negative	csv source	I've had better atmosphere.
Negative	csv source	Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.
Negative	csv source	Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.
Negative	csv source	I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.
Negative	csv source	Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.
Positive	csv source	Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.
Positive	csv source	The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.
Positive	csv source	We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.
Negative	csv source	Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!
Negative	csv source	Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...
Positive	csv source	Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.
Negative	csv source	I wouldn't return.
Positive	csv source	Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.
Negative	csv source	This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.
Positive	csv source	Penne vodka excellent!
Positive	csv source	They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.
Negative	csv source	The management is rude.
Positive	csv source	Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.
Positive	csv source	Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.
Positive	csv source	I had a seriously solid breakfast here.
Positive	csv source	This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.
Negative	csv source	He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.
Positive	csv source	My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.
Negative	csv source	Don't do it!!!!
Negative	csv source	The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.
Negative	csv source	My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.
Negative	csv source	And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.
Positive	csv source	Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.
Positive	csv source	The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.
Negative	csv source	The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.
Negative	csv source	The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.
Negative	csv source	I give it 2 thumbs down
Negative	csv source	We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.
Positive	csv source	My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.
Positive	csv source	This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.
Negative	csv source	We waited for forty five minutes in vain.
Negative	csv source	Crostini that came with the salad was stale.
Positive	csv source	Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!
Positive	csv source	the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.
Positive	csv source	this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.
Positive	csv source	I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.
Positive	csv source	this place is good.
Negative	csv source	Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.
Negative	csv source	I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.
Positive	csv source	I was seated immediately.
Positive	csv source	Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.
Negative	csv source	Avoid at all cost!
Positive	csv source	Restaurant is always full but never a wait.
Positive	csv source	DELICIOUS!!
Positive	csv source	This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.
Negative	csv source	So don't go there if you are looking for good food...
Negative	csv source	I've never been treated so bad.
Positive	csv source	Bacon is hella salty.
Negative	csv source	We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad, the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.
Positive	csv source	This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.
Positive	csv source	The waitresses are very friendly.
Positive	csv source	Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!
Positive	csv source	Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.
Negative	csv source	Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.
Negative	csv source	The service here leaves a lot to be desired.
Positive	csv source	The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.
Positive	csv source	Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.
Negative	csv source	We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.
Negative	csv source	The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.
Negative	csv source	I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.
Negative	csv source	I dressed up to be treated so rudely!
Negative	csv source	It was probably dirt.
Positive	csv source	Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.
Positive	csv source	I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.
Negative	csv source	The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.
Positive	csv source	Interesting decor.
Positive	csv source	What I really like there is the crepe station.
Positive	csv source	Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.
Positive	csv source	you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)
Positive	csv source	Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.
Negative	csv source	When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.
Positive	csv source	I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.
Negative	csv source	I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.
Positive	csv source	The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!
Negative	csv source	The live music on Fridays totally blows.
Negative	csv source	I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.
Positive	csv source	Very friendly staff.
Positive	csv source	It is worth the drive.
Positive	csv source	I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.
Positive	csv source	Food was great and so was the serivce!
Negative	csv source	The warm beer didn't help.
Positive	csv source	Great brunch spot.
Positive	csv source	Service is friendly and inviting.
Positive	csv source	Very good lunch spot.
Negative	csv source	I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.
Negative	csv source	The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.
Negative	csv source	Must have been an off night at this place.
Positive	csv source	The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.
Negative	csv source	If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.
Negative	csv source	For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.
Positive	csv source	My friend loved the salmon tartar.
Negative	csv source	Won't go back.
Positive	csv source	Extremely Tasty!
Positive	csv source	Waitress was good though!
Negative	csv source	Soggy and not good.
Positive	csv source	The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.
Negative	csv source	Which are small and not worth the price.
Positive	csv source	#NAME?
Negative	csv source	The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!
Negative	csv source	The service was a bit lacking.
Negative	csv source	Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.
Negative	csv source	Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.
Negative	csv source	It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.
Positive	csv source	I loved the bacon wrapped dates.
Positive	csv source	This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!
Positive	csv source	The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.
Negative	csv source	As for the "mains," also uninspired.
Positive	csv source	This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!
Positive	csv source	This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.
Negative	csv source	If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.
Positive	csv source	Very very fun chef.
Negative	csv source	Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.
Positive	csv source	Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.
Negative	csv source	If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.
Negative	csv source	The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.
Positive	csv source	I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).
Negative	csv source	If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.
Positive	csv source	Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.
Negative	csv source	Horrible - don't waste your time and money.
Positive	csv source	Now this dish was quite flavourful.
Negative	csv source	By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.
Negative	csv source	(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.
Negative	csv source	like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."
Negative	csv source	-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.
Positive	csv source	Seriously flavorful delights, folks.
Positive	csv source	Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.
Positive	csv source	The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.
Negative	csv source	Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.
Positive	csv source	Owner's are really great people.!
Negative	csv source	There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.
Positive	csv source	The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.
Negative	csv source	Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.
Positive	csv source	Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.
Positive	csv source	We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.
Positive	csv source	Fantastic service here.
Negative	csv source	I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.
Positive	csv source	They know how to make them here.
Negative	csv source	very tough and very short on flavor!
Positive	csv source	I hope this place sticks around.
Negative	csv source	I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.
Positive	csv source	The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.
Positive	csv source	Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!
Positive	csv source	The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.
Positive	csv source	Plus, it's only 8 bucks.
Negative	csv source	The service was not up to par, either.
Positive	csv source	Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.
Positive	csv source	Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!
Negative	csv source	For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.
Positive	csv source	The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!
Positive	csv source	You cant go wrong with any of the food here.
Positive	csv source	You can't beat that.
Positive	csv source	Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.
Positive	csv source	The chefs were friendly and did a good job.
Negative	csv source	I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.
Positive	csv source	I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.
Positive	csv source	The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!
Negative	csv source	I think not again
Negative	csv source	I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.
Positive	csv source	I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.
Negative	csv source	Service stinks here!
Negative	csv source	I waited and waited.
Negative	csv source	This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.
Positive	csv source	I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.
Positive	csv source	Great Pizza and Salads!
Negative	csv source	Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.
Negative	csv source	We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.
Positive	csv source	This place is amazing!
Negative	csv source	I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.
Negative	csv source	Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!
Negative	csv source	Just don't know why they were so slow.
Positive	csv source	The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.
Negative	csv source	I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.
Positive	csv source	I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.
Positive	csv source	You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.
Negative	csv source	Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.
Positive	csv source	I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.
Negative	csv source	Never again will I be dining at this place!
Positive	csv source	The food was excellent and service was very good.
Positive	csv source	Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.
Negative	csv source	Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.
Negative	csv source	The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.
Negative	csv source	Food was really boring.
Positive	csv source	Good Service-check!
Negative	csv source	This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!
Negative	csv source	Will never, ever go back.
Negative	csv source	As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
Positive	csv source	In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.
Positive	csv source	I did not expect this to be so good!
Positive	csv source	Fantastic food!
Negative	csv source	She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.
Positive	csv source	The food was very good.
Negative	csv source	Never going back.
Positive	csv source	Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.
Negative	csv source	The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.
Negative	csv source	By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.
Positive	csv source	Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.
Positive	csv source	And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.
Positive	csv source	All the bread is made in-house!
Negative	csv source	The only downside is the service.
Negative	csv source	Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.
Positive	csv source	Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.
Positive	csv source	A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.
Positive	csv source	Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!
Positive	csv source	The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!
Positive	csv source	You won't be disappointed.
Positive	csv source	They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.
Negative	csv source	I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.
Negative	csv source	When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.
Negative	csv source	The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.
Positive	csv source	Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.
Positive	csv source	We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.
Negative	csv source	Everything was gross.
Positive	csv source	I love this place.
Positive	csv source	Great service and food.
Negative	csv source	First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!
Negative	csv source	The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.
Positive	csv source	OMG, the food was delicioso!
Negative	csv source	There is nothing authentic about this place.
Negative	csv source	the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.
Positive	csv source	Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.
Positive	csv source	The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.
Positive	csv source	It's worth driving up from Tucson!
Negative	csv source	The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.
Positive	csv source	Pretty good beer selection too.
Positive	csv source	This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.
Positive	csv source	Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!
Positive	csv source	5 stars for the brick oven bread app!
Positive	csv source	I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.
Negative	csv source	We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.
Negative	csv source	He was terrible!
Positive	csv source	Everyone is treated equally special.
Negative	csv source	It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.
Positive	csv source	It was delicious!!!
Positive	csv source	On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.
Negative	csv source	Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.
Positive	csv source	As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!
Positive	csv source	Best fish I've ever had in my life!
Positive	csv source	(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)
Negative	csv source	The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.
Positive	csv source	This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.
Positive	csv source	Pretty cool I would say.
Negative	csv source	Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.
Positive	csv source	Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.
Negative	csv source	I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.
Negative	csv source	My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.
Positive	csv source	Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.
Positive	csv source	The staff are great, the ambiance is great.
Positive	csv source	He deserves 5 stars.
Negative	csv source	I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.
Negative	csv source	They dropped more than the ball.
Positive	csv source	The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.
Positive	csv source	They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!
Negative	csv source	And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.
Positive	csv source	Best tacos in town by far!!
Negative	csv source	I took back my money and got outta there.
Positive	csv source	In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.
Negative	csv source	RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.
Negative	csv source	The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.
Negative	csv source	I won't be back.
Positive	csv source	They have great dinners.
Positive	csv source	The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.
Negative	csv source	The food was terrible.
Negative	csv source	WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
Negative	csv source	I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
Positive	csv source	I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.
Negative	csv source	This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.
Negative	csv source	This is a disgrace.
Positive	csv source	Def coming back to bowl next time
Positive	csv source	If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.
Positive	csv source	I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area.
Positive	csv source	I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.
Positive	csv source	We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.
Positive	csv source	Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.
Positive	csv source	To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.
Negative	csv source	I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.
Positive	csv source	Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!
Positive	csv source	Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.
Positive	csv source	Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.
Negative	csv source	This one is simply a disappointment.
Negative	csv source	Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.
Negative	csv source	I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!
Positive	csv source	Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Positive	csv source	Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.
Negative	csv source	Left very frustrated.
Positive	csv source	I'll definitely be in soon again.
Positive	csv source	Food was really good and I got full petty fast.
Positive	csv source	Service was fantastic.
Negative	csv source	TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
Positive	csv source	I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.
Positive	csv source	Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!
Negative	csv source	For service, I give them no stars.
Positive	csv source	I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.
Negative	csv source	I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.
Negative	csv source	Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).
Negative	csv source	But now I was completely grossed out.
Positive	csv source	I really enjoyed eating here.
Positive	csv source	First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.
Positive	csv source	Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.
Positive	csv source	From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.
Negative	csv source	On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.
Negative	csv source	Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!
Negative	csv source	We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.
Negative	csv source	What a mistake that was!
Positive	csv source	No complaints!
Positive	csv source	This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.
Negative	csv source	Waiter was a jerk.
Negative	csv source	Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.
Positive	csv source	These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.
Negative	csv source	I never come again.
Positive	csv source	We loved the biscuits!!!
Positive	csv source	Service is quick and friendly.
Negative	csv source	Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.
Positive	csv source	So absolutley fantastic.
Negative	csv source	It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.
Positive	csv source	definitely will come back here again.
Positive	csv source	I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.
Positive	csv source	Wow very spicy but delicious.
Positive	csv source	If you're not familiar, check it out.
Negative	csv source	I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.
Positive	csv source	I'd love to go back.
Positive	csv source	Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.
Negative	csv source	Nothing special.
Positive	csv source	Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!
Positive	csv source	Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!
Negative	csv source	Will not be back.
Negative	csv source	Sauce was tasteless.
Positive	csv source	The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.
Positive	csv source	My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.
Negative	csv source	I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
Positive	csv source	Food was so gooodd.
Negative	csv source	I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.
Negative	csv source	I was so insulted.
Negative	csv source	The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.
Negative	csv source	The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.
Positive	csv source	The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.
Positive	csv source	Nargile - I think you are great.
Positive	csv source	Best tater tots in the southwest.
Positive	csv source	We loved the place.
Negative	csv source	Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.
Positive	csv source	The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.
Positive	csv source	Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.
Negative	csv source	The manager was the worst.
Positive	csv source	The inside is really quite nice and very clean.
Positive	csv source	The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.
Negative	csv source	I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.
Negative	csv source	This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
Positive	csv source	Love the margaritas, too!
Positive	csv source	This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.
Positive	csv source	Very good, though!
Negative	csv source	The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.
Positive	csv source	Great pork sandwich.
Negative	csv source	Don't waste your time here.
Negative	csv source	Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.
Negative	csv source	Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.
Positive	csv source	We enjoy their pizza and brunch.
Positive	csv source	The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.
Positive	csv source	We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.
Positive	csv source	I LOVED it!
Negative	csv source	We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.
Positive	csv source	This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.
Negative	csv source	Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.
Negative	csv source	The selection of food was not the best.
Positive	csv source	Delicious and I will absolutely be back!
Positive	csv source	This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.
Positive	csv source	They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.
Negative	csv source	I dont think I will be back for a very long time.
Negative	csv source	It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
Positive	csv source	How awesome is that.
Positive	csv source	I will be back many times soon.
Positive	csv source	The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!
Negative	csv source	Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.
Positive	csv source	CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
Positive	csv source	Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.
Negative	csv source	And then tragedy struck.
Positive	csv source	The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.
Positive	csv source	This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!
Positive	csv source	Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.
Positive	csv source	Waitress was sweet and funny.
Positive	csv source	I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!
Negative	csv source	I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.
Positive	csv source	Cant say enough good things about this place.
Positive	csv source	The ambiance was incredible.
Positive	csv source	The waitress and manager are so friendly.
Negative	csv source	I would not recommend this place.
Negative	csv source	Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.
Negative	csv source	My gyro was basically lettuce only.
Negative	csv source	Terrible service!
Negative	csv source	Thoroughly disappointed!
Positive	csv source	I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.
Positive	csv source	Give it a try, you will be happy you did.
Positive	csv source	By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!
Positive	csv source	Reasonably priced also!
Positive	csv source	Everything was perfect the night we were in.
Positive	csv source	The food is very good for your typical bar food.
Negative	csv source	it was a drive to get there.
Positive	csv source	At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.
Negative	csv source	Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.
Positive	csv source	Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.
Positive	csv source	Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.
Positive	csv source	If you haven't gone here GO NOW!
Negative	csv source	A greasy, unhealthy meal.
Negative	csv source	first time there and might just be the last.
Positive	csv source	Those burgers were amazing.
Negative	csv source	Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.
Negative	csv source	And it was way to expensive.
Positive	csv source	Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.
Positive	csv source	This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.
Positive	csv source	The bartender was also nice.
Positive	csv source	Everything was good and tasty!
Positive	csv source	This place is two thumbs up....way up.
Positive	csv source	The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.
Positive	csv source	If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.
Negative	csv source	Terrible management.
Positive	csv source	An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.
Negative	csv source	If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.
Positive	csv source	Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.
Negative	csv source	Worst martini ever!
Positive	csv source	The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.
Positive	csv source	I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!
Negative	csv source	We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).
Positive	csv source	The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.
Negative	csv source	I won't try going back there even if it's empty.
Negative	csv source	No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.
Positive	csv source	Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.
Positive	csv source	Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!
Negative	csv source	not even a "hello, we will be right with you."
Negative	csv source	The desserts were a bit strange.
Positive	csv source	My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.
Positive	csv source	I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!
Positive	csv source	Nice ambiance.
Positive	csv source	I would recommend saving room for this!
Negative	csv source	I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.
Negative	csv source	However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.
Negative	csv source	I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!
Negative	csv source	AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
Negative	csv source	I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.
Positive	csv source	All of the tapas dishes were delicious!
Positive	csv source	I *heart* this place.
Negative	csv source	My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.
Negative	csv source	After two I felt disgusting.
Positive	csv source	A good time!
Positive	csv source	I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.
Positive	csv source	Generous portions and great taste.
Negative	csv source	I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!
Negative	csv source	The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"
Positive	csv source	Food was delicious!
Negative	csv source	AN HOUR... seriously?
Negative	csv source	I consider this theft.
Negative	csv source	Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.
Negative	csv source	We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.
Negative	csv source	Waited and waited and waited.
Positive	csv source	He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.
Positive	csv source	Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.
Negative	csv source	The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.
Negative	csv source	I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.
Positive	csv source	Service was good and the company was better!
Positive	csv source	The staff are also very friendly and efficient.
Positive	csv source	As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.
Negative	csv source	Boy was that sucker dry!!.
Negative	csv source	Over rated.
Negative	csv source	If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.
Positive	csv source	Their steaks are 100% recommended!
Negative	csv source	After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.
Positive	csv source	Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.
Positive	csv source	All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.
Negative	csv source	I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.
Positive	csv source	My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.
Negative	csv source	The kids play area is NASTY!
Positive	csv source	Great place fo take out or eat in.
Positive	csv source	The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.
Positive	csv source	OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.
Negative	csv source	It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.
Negative	csv source	It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.
Positive	csv source	The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.
Negative	csv source	I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!
Positive	csv source	It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!
Positive	csv source	I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded. I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.
Negative	csv source	Not good for the money.
Positive	csv source	I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!
Negative	csv source	We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.
Positive	csv source	They also have the best cheese crisp in town.
Positive	csv source	Good value, great food, great service.
Positive	csv source	Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.
Positive	csv source	The food is good.
Positive	csv source	It was awesome.
Negative	csv source	I just wanted to leave.
Positive	csv source	We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!
Negative	csv source	I will not be eating there again.
Negative	csv source	!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!
Negative	csv source	I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.
Negative	csv source	The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.
Negative	csv source	Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
Positive	csv source	An absolute must visit!
Positive	csv source	The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.
Negative	csv source	My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.
Negative	csv source	Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.
Positive	csv source	They really want to make your experience a good one.
Negative	csv source	I will not return.
Negative	csv source	I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.
Negative	csv source	Very disappointing!!!
Positive	csv source	The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.
Negative	csv source	a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.
Positive	csv source	Pretty awesome place.
Positive	csv source	Ambience is perfect.
Negative	csv source	Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.
Negative	csv source	Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.
Negative	csv source	I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.
Positive	csv source	The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!
Positive	csv source	Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !
Positive	csv source	The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!
Negative	csv source	Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.
Positive	csv source	High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.
Negative	csv source	Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.
Positive	csv source	We were promptly greeted and seated.
Negative	csv source	Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.
Positive	csv source	I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.
Negative	csv source	After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.
Positive	csv source	This is a good joint.
Positive	csv source	The Macarons here are insanely good.
Negative	csv source	I'm not eating here!
Positive	csv source	Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.
Negative	csv source	Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.
Negative	csv source	This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.
Negative	csv source	Very bad Experience!
Negative	csv source	What a mistake.
Negative	csv source	Food was average at best.
Positive	csv source	Great food.
Negative	csv source	We won't be going back anytime soon!
Negative	csv source	Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.
Positive	csv source	Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.
Positive	csv source	It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.
Negative	csv source	Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.
Positive	csv source	The patio seating was very comfortable.
Negative	csv source	The fried rice was dry as well.
Positive	csv source	Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!
Positive	csv source	That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.
Positive	csv source	It was just not a fun experience.
Positive	csv source	The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.
Positive	csv source	I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).
Positive	csv source	Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!
Positive	csv source	The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.
Positive	csv source	Both great!
Positive	csv source	Eclectic selection.
Positive	csv source	The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.
Positive	csv source	The staff was very attentive.
Positive	csv source	And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).
Positive	csv source	The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.
Negative	csv source	Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.
Negative	csv source	dont go here.
Positive	csv source	I promise they won't disappoint.
Negative	csv source	As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.
Positive	csv source	What a great double cheeseburger!
Positive	csv source	Awesome service and food.
Positive	csv source	A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!
Positive	csv source	I can't wait to go back.
Negative	csv source	The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.
Positive	csv source	It's a great place and I highly recommend it.
Negative	csv source	Service was slow and not attentive.
Positive	csv source	I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.
Negative	csv source	Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.
Positive	csv source	Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.
Positive	csv source	Very good food, great atmosphere.1
Positive	csv source	Damn good steak.
Negative	csv source	Total brunch fail.
Positive	csv source	Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.
Positive	csv source	The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.
Positive	csv source	The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!
Positive	csv source	Good food , good service .
Positive	csv source	It was absolutely amazing.
Negative	csv source	I probably won't be back, to be honest.
Positive	csv source	will definitely be back!
Positive	csv source	The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.
Positive	csv source	Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.
Negative	csv source	Went for lunch - service was slow.
Negative	csv source	We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.
Negative	csv source	I was mortified.
Negative	csv source	Needless to say, we will never be back here again.
Negative	csv source	Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.
Negative	csv source	The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.
Negative	csv source	I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.
Positive	csv source	Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!
Positive	csv source	Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.
Positive	csv source	The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.
Negative	csv source	I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.
Positive	csv source	The atmosphere here is fun.
Negative	csv source	Would not recommend to others.
Positive	csv source	Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!
Negative	csv source	I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!
Positive	csv source	That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.
Negative	csv source	Not my thing.
Positive	csv source	2 Thumbs Up!!
Negative	csv source	If you are reading this please don't go there.
Positive	csv source	I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.
Positive	csv source	Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!
Positive	csv source	They have a really nice atmosphere.
Negative	csv source	Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.
Positive	csv source	After one bite, I was hooked.
Negative	csv source	We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.
Positive	csv source	Cute, quaint, simple, honest.
Positive	csv source	The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.
Positive	csv source	The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.
Positive	csv source	Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.
Positive	csv source	Awesome selection of beer.
Positive	csv source	Great food and awesome service!
Positive	csv source	One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.
Negative	csv source	A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!
Positive	csv source	The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.
Positive	csv source	As for the service, I thought it was good.
Negative	csv source	The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.
Negative	csv source	Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.
Positive	csv source	Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.
Positive	csv source	Overall, I like there food and the service.
Positive	csv source	They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.
Negative	csv source	Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.
Negative	csv source	Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.
Positive	csv source	Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.
Positive	csv source	I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.
Positive	csv source	Never had anything to complain about here.
Positive	csv source	The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.
Negative	csv source	It was way over fried.
Negative	csv source	I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.
Negative	csv source	When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.
Negative	csv source	Will not be back!
Positive	csv source	There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.
Positive	csv source	An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.
Positive	csv source	I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.
Negative	csv source	I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!
Positive	csv source	Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
Positive	csv source	I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.
Positive	csv source	The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.
Positive	csv source	Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.
Positive	csv source	We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!
Negative	csv source	Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.
Positive	csv source	When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!
Negative	csv source	I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.
Positive	csv source	This is a GREAT place to eat!
Positive	csv source	The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.
Negative	csv source	The service was poor and thats being nice.
Positive	csv source	Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.
Negative	csv source	The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!
Negative	csv source	The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.
Negative	csv source	But the service was beyond bad.
Positive	csv source	I'm so happy to be here!!!"
Negative	csv source	Tasted like dirt.
Positive	csv source	One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .
Positive	csv source	The block was amazing.
Positive	csv source	It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.
Positive	csv source	* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!
Negative	csv source	My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.
Positive	csv source	Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.
Negative	csv source	the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".
Negative	csv source	What did bother me, was the slow service.
Positive	csv source	The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!
Negative	csv source	Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.
Positive	csv source	These were so good we ordered them twice.
Negative	csv source	So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.
Negative	csv source	My girlfriend's veal was very bad.
Negative	csv source	Unfortunately, it was not good.
Positive	csv source	I had a pretty satifying experience.
Positive	csv source	Join the club and get awesome offers via email.
Positive	csv source	Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.
Negative	csv source	Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.
Negative	csv source	The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.
Positive	csv source	The nachos are a MUST HAVE!
Negative	csv source	We will not be coming back.
Positive	csv source	I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.
Positive	csv source	The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.
Positive	csv source	Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.
Positive	csv source	When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.
Negative	csv source	Once your food arrives it's meh.
Negative	csv source	Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.
Positive	csv source	The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.
Negative	csv source	My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.
Positive	csv source	So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.
Positive	csv source	The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.
Positive	csv source	This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Negative	csv source	Mediocre food.
Positive	csv source	Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.
Negative	csv source	I'm super pissd.
Positive	csv source	And service was super friendly.
Negative	csv source	Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?
Positive	csv source	This place was such a nice surprise!
Positive	csv source	They were golden-crispy and delicious.
Negative	csv source	I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.
Positive	csv source	I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.
Negative	csv source	Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.
Positive	csv source	Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.
Positive	csv source	The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.
Negative	csv source	The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!
Negative	csv source	The service was terrible though.
Negative	csv source	This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!
Negative	csv source	It was packed!!
Positive	csv source	I love this place.
Positive	csv source	I can say that the desserts were yummy.
Negative	csv source	The food was terrible.
Positive	csv source	The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.
Negative	csv source	It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
Negative	csv source	This place should honestly be blown up.
Negative	csv source	But I definitely would not eat here again.
Negative	csv source	Do not waste your money here!
Positive	csv source	I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.
Positive	csv source	The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.
Negative	csv source	Awful service.
Negative	csv source	Won't ever go here again.
Negative	csv source	Food quality has been horrible.
Negative	csv source	For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.
Negative	csv source	The service here is fair at best.
Negative	csv source	I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.
Negative	csv source	Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.
Negative	csv source	Very poor service.
Negative	csv source	No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.
Positive	csv source	Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.
Positive	csv source	They were excellent.
Negative	csv source	I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.
Positive	csv source	Just had lunch here and had a great experience.
Negative	csv source	I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.
Negative	csv source	Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.
Positive	csv source	I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!
Negative	csv source	for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.
Positive	csv source	The food came out at a good pace.
Positive	csv source	I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.
Negative	csv source	I won't be back.
Negative	csv source	We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!
Negative	csv source	This place deserves no stars.
Negative	csv source	I would not recommend this place.
Positive	csv source	In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.
Negative	csv source	To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.
Negative	csv source	Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!
Positive	csv source	the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.
Negative	csv source	I probably would not go here again.
Positive	csv source	So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.
Positive	csv source	The price is reasonable and the service is great.
Negative	csv source	The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.
Negative	csv source	My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.
Positive	csv source	Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.
Positive	csv source	Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!
Negative	csv source	I probably won't be coming back here.
Negative	csv source	Worst food/service I've had in a while.
Positive	csv source	This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.
Positive	csv source	Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.
Negative	csv source	Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.
Positive	csv source	I love their fries and their beans.
Positive	csv source	Always a pleasure dealing with him.
Positive	csv source	They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.
Positive	csv source	This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.
Positive	csv source	For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.
Positive	csv source	The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.
Negative	csv source	The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.
Negative	csv source	I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.
Negative	csv source	this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.
Positive	csv source	All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.
Positive	csv source	My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.
Negative	csv source	Weird vibe from owners.
Negative	csv source	There was hardly any meat.
Negative	csv source	I've had better bagels from the grocery store.
Positive	csv source	Go To Place for Gyros.
Positive	csv source	I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!
Negative	csv source	Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.
Negative	csv source	I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.
Negative	csv source	The service was terrible, food was mediocre.
Positive	csv source	We definately enjoyed ourselves.
Negative	csv source	I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.
Negative	csv source	On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.
Negative	csv source	I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.
Negative	csv source	The service was extremely slow.
Negative	csv source	After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.
Positive	csv source	Seriously killer hot chai latte.
Negative	csv source	No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.
Positive	csv source	My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.
Positive	csv source	Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.
Negative	csv source	Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.
Negative	csv source	Worst Thai ever.
Positive	csv source	If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.
Positive	csv source	I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.
Positive	csv source	The pizza selections are good.
Positive	csv source	I had strawberry tea, which was good.
Negative	csv source	Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!
Positive	csv source	Overall, a great experience.
Negative	csv source	Spend your money elsewhere.
Positive	csv source	Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!
Negative	csv source	The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.
Negative	csv source	And the drinks are WEAK, people!
Negative	csv source	#NAME?
Negative	csv source	Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.
Negative	csv source	After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.
Positive	csv source	The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Negative	csv source	We won't be returning.
Positive	csv source	This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.
Negative	csv source	I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
Negative	csv source	Very, very sad.
Negative	csv source	i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?
Negative	csv source	How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!
Negative	csv source	I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.
Negative	csv source	The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.
Negative	csv source	There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better
Negative	csv source	I got food poisoning here at the buffet.
Negative	csv source	They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!
Negative	csv source	What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.
Negative	csv source	Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.
Negative	csv source	This place is disgusting!
Positive	csv source	Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.
Negative	csv source	The RI style calamari was a joke.
Negative	csv source	However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.
Negative	csv source	I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.
Negative	csv source	It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.
Negative	csv source	It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.
Negative	csv source	We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!
Negative	csv source	Disappointing experience.
Negative	csv source	The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.
Negative	csv source	If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.
Negative	csv source	WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
Negative	csv source	We won't be going back.
Negative	csv source	The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.
Negative	csv source	This place lacked style!!
Negative	csv source	The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.
Negative	csv source	Don't bother coming here.
Negative	csv source	The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.
Negative	csv source	The building itself seems pretty neat, the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.
Negative	csv source	It was equally awful.
Negative	csv source	Probably not in a hurry to go back.
Negative	csv source	very slow at seating even with reservation.
Negative	csv source	Not good by any stretch of the imagination.
Negative	csv source	The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.
Negative	csv source	The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.
Negative	csv source	It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.
Negative	csv source	I was VERY disappointed!!
Negative	csv source	This place is horrible and way overpriced.
Negative	csv source	Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.
Negative	csv source	It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.
Negative	csv source	The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.
Negative	csv source	The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.
Negative	csv source	Con: spotty service.
Negative	csv source	The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.
Negative	csv source	But then they came back cold.
Negative	csv source	Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.
Negative	csv source	The real disappointment was our waiter.
Negative	csv source	My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.
Negative	csv source	The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.
Negative	csv source	Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.
Negative	csv source	If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?
Negative	csv source	She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.
Negative	csv source	After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!
Negative	csv source	Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.
Negative	csv source	It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.
Negative	csv source	But I don't like it.
Negative	csv source	Hell no will I go back
Negative	csv source	We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.
Negative	csv source	I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".
Negative	csv source	I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.
Negative	csv source	The ambiance isn't much better.
Negative	csv source	Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.
Negative	csv source	The food wasn't good.
Negative	csv source	Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.
Negative	csv source	What happened next was pretty....off putting.
Negative	csv source	too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.
Negative	csv source	Overpriced for what you are getting.
Negative	csv source	I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.
Negative	csv source	I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.
Negative	csv source	I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.
Negative	csv source	We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.
Negative	csv source	Food was below average.
Negative	csv source	It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.
Negative	csv source	All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.
Negative	csv source	The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).
Negative	csv source	Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.
Negative	csv source	It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.
Negative	csv source	It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.
Negative	csv source	I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.
Negative	csv source	The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.
Negative	csv source	Spend your money and time some place else.
Negative	csv source	A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.
Negative	csv source	the presentation of the food was awful.
Negative	csv source	I can't tell you how disappointed I was.
Negative	csv source	I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.
Negative	csv source	Appetite instantly gone.
Negative	csv source	Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
Negative	csv source	The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.
Negative	csv source	Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.
